W-14228271 Redis Sentinel (#410)
mulesoft/docs-gateway: gateway/1.6/modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/task-shared-storage-config.adoc

//tag::intro1[]
Anypoint Flex Gateway enables you to configure shared storage for distributed caching and rate limiting policies. Redis also provides extra memory for caching.

Production workflows should use https://redis.io/[Redis^]. If Redis is not defined, shared storage services at port 4000 are still available but use an in-memory implementation. You must configure Redis for distributed policies to share data. All other policies use replica memory for storage.

//end::intro1[]
//tag::intro2[]
You configure shared storage via a custom YAML file.

The following steps demonstrate Redis-based storage support for Flex Gateway running in a Docker container, as a Linux Service,
or as a Kubernetes cluster.

> To configure Redis Sentinel or a TLS connection to your Redis shared storage, see:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure Redis Sentinel or a TLS connection to your Redis shared storage, refer to:
```
For accessibility and inclusion, we try and avoid references to "see".

----
//end::sample-config-all[]

//tag::sentinel-intro[]
[[redis-sentinel]]
== Configure Redis Sentinel

> Redis Sentinel provides high availability for Redis shared storage. For more information about Redis Sentinel, see https://redis.io/docs/management/sentinel/[Redi Sentinel^].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Redis Sentinel provides high availability for Redis shared storage. For more information about Redis Sentinel, refer to https://redis.io/docs/management/sentinel/[Redi Sentinel^].
```

Configure Redis Sentinel using the steps described in the previous sections.

Sample configuration for adding Redis Sentinel:
//end::sentinel-intro[]

//tag::sentinel-sample-config[]
[source, yaml]
----
apiVersion: gateway.mulesoft.com/v1alpha1
kind: Configuration
metadata:
  name: shared-storage
  namespace: test-ns
spec:
  sharedStorage:
    redis:
      username: "user"
      password: "pass"
      sentinel:
        addresses:
          - internal.redis.com:6379

>         masterName: "name"

Reviewer: It looks like the PR was flagged because of the use of "master". Is this something that we can change? Or is it a Redis param? We won't be able to merge the 1.6 branch into latest.
